

1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?



yes this method is misleading. candidates should use the following feature truely. jill and gary follow a large number of users where as trump and clinton follows very 
few because of this you cant say that they are more similar but trump has made more number of tweets when compared to clinton.
so better way to find the similarity is by analysing the tweets made by the candidates.






2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.






It is made clear by Earvin Magic Johnson tweets that he endorose clinton for the presidential election. At the same time magic johnson has made business deals with
trump. but for the presidential election he supports clinton. It is always an added advantage of a celibrity support for an presidential candidate.
Magic johson has made many programs for colllecting funds on behalf for supporting clintons. yet still johnson is ready and open to make business deals 






3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?


based on the followers of trump it is clear that he does not follow more publicly and mostly he follows in a self-centric close circle manner. where as gary johnson has 
been following 3K accounts.we are analysing based on social network profile which defintely not going to be same on other side of the candidate activity.   






4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?


twitter allows only 15 calls per 15 minute window.
1.each call is non-Repeatative calls
Through count_friend function we have counter object through which we can find the length of the keys as 7686

so (7686/15)  *15 appromimately gives 7686 minutes

2.through repeative calls

if we see the friends of friends of all the candidates  individually the sum of counter object will br somewhere around 8073 request.
so it will take 8073 minutes. It depends on the number of users they follow. 

